Fix few typos in readme (#7)
netsampler/goflow2: README.md

> GoFlow2 is a wrapper of all the functions and chains thems.

Author: ```suggestion
GoFlow2 is a wrapper of all the functions and chains what is this?.
```

Reviewer: Not sure what I meant when I wrote this :/
